---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

October 14th - October 21st

### What did you do this past week?

This past week wasn't too bad even though there seemed to be a lot going on. We had the exam on Monday of course, so I spent my final time of the weekend and all my breaks on Monday preparing for it. The exam went better than I had expected it to, but more on that later. Following this, I spent a lot of my tuesday and wednesday afternoons working on homework for my Algorithms class, which had seemed harder and more time consuming than usual. On Friday, the dance department had our first run-through of our upcoming show, Fall For Dance. Finally, on Saturday I was running back and forth between HackTX and an event Dance Action, a student org that I am an officer for, was having.


### What's in your way?

Right now I am just honestly ready for a break. I feel partially drained and could use just a couple days off from doing work to get myself back together. However, I will just have to stick it out for a little longer.


### What will you do next week?

I think this upcoming week is going to start feeling really busy and hectic. My group for this class will need to really meet up and get working as we still have a lot to accomplish for Phase 2 before the due date. This week also is the beginning of spacing and lots of outside rehearsals for the show I had mentioned. This means that most days I will have an additional 2 hours at minimum of rehearsal.


### What was your experience of Test #1 (the problems, the time, HackerRank)?

Test #1 went a lot better than I had expected. I felt the problems were very straight forward and resembled the HackerRanks we had done in class. I also felt that as long as you understood the algorithm to go through digits of a number, the last 4 were really easy to connect and allowed for building ideas off of one another. I finished the exam early (I took only about 50mins-1hour), and a lot of that time in the end was really just confirming and re-confirming that I met requirements and that tests passed. For me, I believed the full time was too much, however, I had worked with problems going through digits before, so understood how these needed to be solved. If someone didn't know how to do this, I think the amount of time was appropriate.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is [React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/). This is a tool that helps to build and create mobile applications for both Android and iOS through javascript in a similar way as React.
