---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

October 29th - November 4th

### What did you do this past week?

Late last weekend and early this week I spent a lot of time with my group finishing up Project #3/Phase #2. Otherwise, the rest of the week was spent balancing normal homework and attending extra rehearsals. On friday I attended the Programming competition, and ever since I have been studying in preparation for my Algorithms exam on Monday.


### What's in your way?

Not having a lot of time and exhaustion are in my way this week. I have an algorithms test on monday that I need to spend a lot of time focusing on, but tomorrow (Sunday) I have about 9 hours worth of rehearsal. For the rest of the week I have at least one show a day. Getting home after these long rehearsals or shows is really difficult as I usually have so much work to do, but I am just physically and mentally exhausted so need lots of motivation to do anything. It'll definitely feel like a very long and difficult week, but hopefully everything will improve after all the shows are over.


### What will you do next week?

As I have already briefly mentioned, I've got an Algorithms test, rehearsals to attend, and a total of 7 shows. With the other time I have this week, I will most likely meet up with my group for this class so we can get things done for the next phase in the project.


### What was your experience of Project #3?

Project #3 wasn't as bad as I had expected honestly. I think that I was worried that our group would run into some errors or difficulties once we were scrapping such a large amount of data (such as discrepancies, or unexpected values), but that actually went pretty smoothly. I would say that this phase of the project required a lot of time, but besides that because the group split up the work decisively, and stayed focused, it didn't feel too overwhelming.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

Attend [Fall For Dance](https://theatredance.utexas.edu/event/fall-dance-0)! Fall For Dance is this semester's main-stage production put on by the Department of Theatre and Dance's company Dance Repertory Theatre. This show has a lot of interesting things going on, including choreographers from New York City, motion sensing technology in collaboration with RTF majors, and programmed tap boards which allow for live music creation. Not only would attending support a fellow CS major, but a few of the pieces would also give you the idea of how technology can be integrated into the fine arts, and specifically dance performance. Discounted tickets are available to UT students and faculty!
