---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

October 22nd - October 28th

### What did you do this past week?

This past week included some various times of meeting with my group for this class and working on our website to complete the necessary things for Phase 2. I also spent some of my week seeing some dance performances, and writing some response essays for my classes.


### What's in your way?

Time has definitely started getting in my way recently. I have a dance performance coming up in less than two weeks which means spacing, tech, and dress rehearsals have been increasing, and will continue to increase up until the show is over. This not only takes a lot of time out of my schedule, but also means I am generally more exhausted throughout the day. Getting through it will be a little bit of an extra challenge, but hopefully doable.


### What will you do next week?

This upcoming week isn't too bad. I will spend the rest of this weekend working with my group to complete everything that is needed for Phase 2 of the project. After this, I have a mostly typical week besides the additional rehearsals I mentioned before. Later in the week, and most of next weekend, will be spent studying for my Algorithms exam.


### What did you think of the talk by Dr. Rich and Dr. Cline?

I had Dr. Rich and Dr. Cline my first semester here at UT, and absolutely loved them. The talk from them on Wednesday was no different. I love the way that they engage the class and I really loved the topics they were discussing. I know they used to teach the 'Contemporary Issues in Computer Science' class which dealt with some of the topics they mentioned in the talk. I am actually planning on taking that course this upcoming spring with Professor Abraham, and their talk made me all the more excited for it!


### If you went, what did you think of the talk by Atlassian?

I enjoyed the Atlassian talk. I felt that the people were very humble and I really enjoyed them talking about facing change at work. However, I would honestly say that I preferred the talk from UnderArmour as that one had felt more engaging and interesting to me.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is to always research reviews from previous interns or employees for companies you are interested in working at. Although a company could seem really interesting, reading reviews can give you a really good idea of what working at that company might be like so you can see if it would be a good fit for you or not.
