---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

November 26th - December 2nd

### What did you do this past week?

I didn't have too much going on this week, which was nice after just having the break. The past sunday and monday back was spent with my group for this class cramming in everything necessary for the last phase for this project. We didn't really do anything before or during the break, so had a lot left to do last minute. The rest of the week I spent getting a few assignments done for various classes. Friday evening I attended the Google talk, and then saturday went an saw a play here on campus.


### What's in your way?

This past week was the first week back from Thanksgiving break, so there was definitely an adjustment from letting my brain be on break. Getting a break was really nice, and now all I really want is to go back to break, which makes it hard to get motivated to do work.


### What will you do next week?

Today I will meet up with my group for this class to prepare our presentation, as we present tomorrow morning. It'll be nice to go on the first day, and be able to say we are officially done with all aspects of the project soon. After this, I have a lot of essays and final reflections due throughout the week. All the dance technique classes will have a final showing on Friday which will take up most of my day. After that, my entire weekend will be spent studying for the test in this class and Algorithms.


### If you went, what did you think of the talk by Google?

I really felt that this Google talk was different from the other talks, and I really enjoyed that. The Google talk was really just a Q and A with the women from Google, which was nice as they seemed to have really nice insight and advice based on their experiences.


### What was your experience of the refactoring topics?

I liked the refactor topics, as it was interesting how we could develop the same code each day. Seeing the progress from start to finish across all the classes was nice. However, I am unsure about having to refactor when it comes to the test as I feel fairly unprepared. I understood the refactors we made, but am unsure how'd it'd be to refactor completely different code with the exact same ideas. I would definitely need more practice before the test.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is to look into some of the computer science organizations here on campus. Although it's the end of the semester, you can get ideas to really join and start getting involved early next semester. There are so many organizations out there, and a lot of them have opportunities for workshops and events that can help you learn or improve tech skills.
