---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

September 24th - September 30th

### What did you do this past week?

I started off the week by really completing a lot of the readings for my classes, including this one, and some of the assignments. Throughout the week I had a few post-career fair interviews. I actually found out I needed to take my Algorithms exam early (Friday instead of next Monday), so I spent most of the later part of my week studying for that, then taking it. I ended the week by meeting with my group for this class, and we nailed down the topic and ideas we want to pursue.


### What's in your way?

This week I have had to miss this class twice. Once for an interview, and the other to take my Algorithms exam. Not attending class has really put me in a spot that makes me feel really behind. Not only did I have to sacrifice the quiz grades both those days, but it takes me more time than it would if I had been in class to go through what was talked about that day in order to make sure I fully understand it.


### What will you do next week?

At the start of this upcoming week I hope to really focus on the project for this class, and really make sure my group and I complete everything we need to before tuesday night. After that, my week is fairly calm as far as academics go, so I will really just be doing readings and assignments as they come my way. Hopefully, with the calm week I expect, I can give myself just a few hours to really do something fun and get away from the stresses of school.


### What's your experience of the readings, so far? And, if you went, what did you think of the talk by Under Armour?

I have a variety of feelings on the readings. I felt like I knew a lot of the information in the Extreme Programming book, and so it was fairly boring reading chapter after chapter each week. The database design reading I felt like gave me more information than I already knew, and broadened my knowledge of the concepts. The additional readings each week often feel more linked to information about just being a better programmer overall, which I think is often really useful. I did attend the Under Armour event, and I actually really enjoyed it! Unlike many of the talks other company's give here at UT, I felt like Under Armour really had a variety of topics which they discussed, and although they did 'advertise' their internship, they really didn't push it as hard as others do. I think that being exposed to the information Under Armour talked about, especially the different types of jobs available, is extremely useful to see and know now rather than later.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is [Cracking the Coding Interview](https://www.amazon.com/Cracking-Coding-Interview-Programming-Questions/dp/0984782850/ref=zg_bs_491316_1?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=QMEMPMJ7EX3G84PM5WTA). This book is a great resource in order to prepare for interviews, and has not only lots of practice problems, but also some great advice and tips on how to approach interview questions.

