---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

October 8th - October 14th

### What did you do this past week?

This past week wasn't too overwhelming. I mostly started off the week just doing readings and homeworks for my classes. On Wednesday and Thursday I met up with my group for this class and we began hashing out the details of what we want the design for our database to look like, and just some initial planning for the next phase. Today, I've begun studying for the exam we have on Monday night for this course.


### What's in your way?

There really isn't anything in my way right now. Hopefully this keeps up!


### What will you do next week?

The rest of this weekend will really be spent studying for the exam on Monday. It will be nice to not have class Monday morning to sleep in a little extra after the likely late night of studying I will have. After the exam, I will need to catch up on any homework for the rest of the week that I wasn't able to complete over the weekend. I will hopefully also be meeting with my group so we can get farther in on the work that needs to be completed for the next phase. Next weekend, I plan on attending HackTX.


### What was your experience of learning the basics of Python?

I really enjoyed this first half of the semester being spent on Python. I had used python prior to this class, but mostly by constant look-up of documentation and I never really understood some of the underlying features of the language. I feel like each lecture I really learned something new. With the knowledge I have learned the past couple of weeks about Python, I really feel like I am extremely comfortable using the language, and know how to use it optimally and efficiently.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is to get out to a hackathon! I think hackathons are a great environment to allow students to get to explore technologies and tools that they have never seen in their classes or jobs before. Beyond just the opportunity to learn, it is a great networking environment as you can meet many other students and talk to company sponsors. I actually got my internship last summer from talking to a company at a hackathon! Online you can find a list of [MLH Sponsored Hackathons](https://mlh.io/seasons/na-2019/events), but always keep a look-out as some of the orgs here on campus will host them as well.
