---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### What did you do this past week?


I started off this past week still on vacation, and didn’t arrive back in Austin till around midnight on Monday. I then spent the next day getting ready for school and having student organization meetings. The quick shift from break to school mode was a little jarring, but I was able to get through it nonetheless. This week was really just syllabus week for most of my courses, with a few starting introduction lectures. This blog post is actually my first assignment I am completing. However, I actually have a second major in dance, and as we are already preparing for our main stage production, I’ve had 3 auditions (think equivalent to CS interviews) between Thursday and Friday.


### What's in your way?


The biggest blocker right now is simply that I don’t yet feel like I am fully in the school mindset. Since I haven’t had too many assignments yet, my brain can partially act like it’s still on summer break, but of course, I need to really get started getting in the swing of things and plan/organize out the semester so I can start setting good habits now. Another large blocker is that I am still waiting on some of my textbooks to come in so that I can begin reading and taking notes for the various classes that require it.


### What will you do next week?


At the beginning of the week, I will have two more auditions (including on labor day), and, either fortunately or unfortunately, if I get into either piece I will be adding around 15 hours of rehearsal into my schedule for this upcoming week. I hope to really finish organizing out my semester, writing down all my assignments and forming a calendar, as this will prove to be a vital way for me to stay on track throughout the semester. Lastly, I will begin completing beginning readings and assignments for all of my courses.


### What are your expectations of the class?


I have a few mixed expectations of the class based on what I’ve heard from pervious students. Firstly though, one set thing that I do expect no matter what is to learn a lot and to walk away from this class with a wider knowledge and new tools under my belt. I also believe that I will be really engaged and enjoy the lectures. Where the mixed expectations come in is really in relation to the projects. I’ve heard from some that they take up tons of time, cutting close to around 3/4 the amount of time spent on OS projects. However, I’ve heard from others that if you have some background in python, web development, or just software engineering in general that it isn’t so extreme of a workload, and really just similar to a normal CS course.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?


As a double major with something in the fine arts field, I am often looking for different ways the tech and art fields interact. My pic-of-the-week is an interesting website I have found over the years called [Synchronous Objects](https://synchronousobjects.osu.edu/content.html#/TheDance). This is a website that helps show and represent the patterns and choreographic structures in a dance piece, and then overlay these patterns on top of video of the work. Although this is not quite a tool that is available to the public to be taken and used on other dance works, I think it's interesting to see how art can be analyzed using software. Along these lines, I would say a tip I always encourage is for people in technology to go out and explore other fields such as the arts as it can often broaden one's mind and creative thinking.