---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

September 17th - September 23rd

### What did you do this past week?

At the very end of last Sunday, I finished Collatz. I then spent my monday afternoon making sure the code met all the requirements, including the proper formatting, and gathering together the information such as the Git SHA. Later on in the week, I attended various career fair events, including Diversity Night with HACS, the brunch, and the career fair itself. I then had an interview on Friday morning, which unfortunately meant I had to arrive to class late.


### What's in your way?

Right now, I feel the weight of the semester as this past week it was a constant 'what to I have to do next?'. Many classes are really beginning to gear up, and so I am simply just trying to make sure I manage everything appropriately. I also felt that having to prep and attend career fair took away a lot of my time this past week, and so I still need to make up for that.


### What will you do next week?

This upcoming week I have some interviews, so I plan on doing some practice problems in preparation for them. I also plan to try and get ahead on readings and assignments, so I can leave some time at the end of the week to work on the project, as well as study for my Algorithms test that will be the following monday.


### What was your experience of Project #1 (the problem, the overkill requirements of submission, etc.)?

I felt that Project #1 was honestly not too bad at all. I simply implemented the various things Professor Downing had recommended in the course, and it worked. I did have an odd issue where I couldn't get Test 3 to pass with the cache I had implemented, so since my code was a little messy, I rewrote it (but with same logic), and the test magically passed that time. I think that although the extra requirements were a bit tedious they were honestly very useful, and helped me to get in good habits from the start.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is LeetCode, an online website where you can do a variety of coding practice problems. I find doing these can often be extremely helpful in preparing for technical portions of interviews, or just really practicing on how to approach these types of problems.

