---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

October 1st - October 7th

### What did you do this past week?

This week I took it pretty easy. My group spend a lot of Monday night and parts of Tuesday night finishing up Project #2, and just making sure that all the requirements were met appropriately. The rest of the week I really just spent doing readings and homework for my various classes, including this one. To finish off my week, I attended the programming competition.


### What's in your way?

This past week I had many rehearsals late at night, and often came home not only mentally tired from the school day but also physically tired. Due to this, my attention span and focus at night just wasn't as good as normal, so I wouldn't be able to get as much done as normal.


### What will you do next week?

This upcoming week I plan to get a lot of the homeworks and readings out of the way quickly in order to be able to spend some time with my group accomplishing some of the tasks for the next project. I also want to make sure to begin studying for the exam in this class early, but most likely most of my next weekend will be spent focusing on everything we have learned and talked about in the class thus far.


### What was your experience of Project #2?

I personally just felt like we weren't given enough time for Project #2. The project itself wasn't posted until about September 23rd, and talked about that next day in class. This really only gave the students a week to gather ideas and the entire project together. I felt like if the project had been posted and talked about by even the Friday beforehand, giving a total of two weekends before the project would be due, things could have gone better. Just having a weekend to get a group together and start getting ideas thrown out before having to deal with everyone's class schedule would have made a big difference. As far as the project itself goes, I think all the requirements were setup in a way that really allowed us a good introduction to the project. Having these initial requirements allowed us to not go into major detail with logic for the project, but to set everything up, design it, and really know where the project would be going moving forward.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week is to always apply to any opportunity that you are interested in. Often, we get stuck in a place of "I'm not good enough, so I won't bother". However, how will you ever know if you don't try? This is a tip I always need to remind myself especially during recruitment times like these, so I encourage everyone to really follow through and go for any opportunity that they are interested in getting.

