---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

September 3rd - September 9th

### What did you do this past week?

So, as I had mentioned last week, I had a couple of dance auditions at the beginning of this week. I actually got into one of the residency pieces which meant I had rehearsals from 3-5pm and 6-9pm every single day this week. Although that was what felt like took up the majority of my week, I also did a lot of readings for Algorithms, Anatomy (who knew there were so many aspects to just a foot?), and this class. Finally, I completed some of the introductory and weekly assignments, such as creating this blog.


### What's in your way?

The major blocker this past week was simply coming home late after having spent a day at school and 5 hours’ worth of rehearsal. By the time I come home after these types of days, my mind and body are just ready for me to relax or honestly just go to sleep, so it takes that extra perseverance in order to stay up and get a good amount of work done.


### What will you do next week?

Next week my dance schedule calms down, but the homework load truly will begin to feel set and real. I hope to start off my week by getting all the readings done for my classes, as this is often what takes me the most time to complete as it is the style of homework that engages me the least. I then have just 1-2 general assignments to complete so that I can spend the rest of my week really taking the time to get started on larger and more important assignments, such as the first project for this class.


### What's your experience of the class?

This week the lectures have been really engaging. Although some of the information I feel like I already knew, it was very nice to expand my knowledge of the topics. I also felt that spending most of Friday’s lecture going over the project was extremely useful and really clarified how to approach the project and the expectations for it.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

This week in class we read a lot about the extreme programming process, and a great platform to help assist this process (also referred to as agile in my experience) is [Jira](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira). Jira is a software that allows a team to track issues, organize them out into sprints, assign people to complete them, and show expected/real time to complete the issues. This can be a super helpful platform to get any development team started working through an agile process.

