---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

November 5th - November 1th

### What did you do this past week?

This past week went by extremely quickly. I had a show basically every day this week, and therefore most of my time had been invested there. I also had an Algorithms exam on monday, but besides those two things, I honestly didn't have a lot of time to complete anything else. Later today, to finish off the week, I will be meeting up with my group for this class.


### What's in your way?

All the time and exhaustion that I've had from the various shows has been really getting in my way as far as getting anything else done. I also had an unexpected family emergency that has been keeping my mind distracted this weekend as well, making it all the more harder to get the motivation to do any work. I have a lot of catching up to do this upcoming week.


### What will you do next week?

Next week, as I said, I have a lot to catch up on. My group and I still need to do most of our next phase of the project, so we will likely be working for many hours from now until 10pm on Tuesday. After this, I have an anatomy midterm to study for, and then lots of important essays to work on that will be due right before thanksgiving break. It's crazy to think this is the last full week before thanksgiving, but I know I have to keep myself motivated all the way up until the break.


### What was your experience in learning SQL?

I really enjoyed learning SQL! It's a tool that I've wanted to learn for awhile now, so I had been really looking forward to this section in the class. I felt that really implementing some of the calls ourselves really taught us how they underlying-ly work, and I know that learning that always helps me. I also feel like the other hackerranks where we used queries to get results were progressively challenging and really allowed me to sort-of think outside of the box so I can better know how to use them.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My pick-of-the-week is [HTML 5 UP](https://html5up.net/). My group used this for our project in order to have a nicer website template, and can therefore help improve the design of a frontend. There are lots of options, and it's really easy to use!
