---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

September 10th - September 16th

### What did you do this past week?

This past week I really caught up on my readings, including the ones for this course. I began working on the project, but unfortunately feel pretty behind on it. To gear up for this coming week, I also made major edits to my resume and went to a few different events to get it reviewed.


### What's in your way?

It might seem odd, but honestly what’s most in my way right now is just the fact that I’m not “ahead”. A lot of the time, I try to complete consistent assignments, such as readings, ahead of time that way I can really focus on big projects and spend a good chunk of time on them. However, recently I’ve just been feeling like I complete things mostly the night before they are due, so I can’t spend as much time on the project each day.


### What will you do next week?

Late this weekend and early Monday I will be constantly focusing on finishing the Collatz project. I hope to get it done no later than Monday night so I can really have the rest of my week more open. Later on in the week, I will be attending the HACS Networking Night and the career fair. This will take up a large portion of my days as not only is career fair a long event, but it also can make me feel so exhausted and not as productive afterwards.


### What's your experience of the class?

This week, I started off by really enjoying getting some hands-on work on a practice problem in class. I always find it really useful to take class time to do an example problem and work it out with those around you, as it is an immediate check to see if you have a good grasp on the concepts being discussed, and gives an opportunity to ask questions if you have them right away. I also enjoyed discussing some of the details that distinguish Java and Python as it really helped me understand more about the underlying aspects of Python.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

My tip-of-the-week would be to not only go to career fair, but also plan ahead for it. Information about all the companies is available online, and so you can begin figuring out who you want to go talk to early. By having this plan, you can make sure you hit every company you’re interested in and will know how to split your limited time appropriately. I’d also recommend updating your resume to include anything new as it’ll make sure the companies you give it to have all of your recent information and experiences. After updating it, get a friend to peer review it! You never know what you could’ve missed, so it’s always nice to have a second set of eyes check it out.

