---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

November 12th - November 18th

### What did you do this past week?

This past week I really just caught up on a bunch of work I needed to get done. The beginning of the week was spent doing a lot of last minute work with my group for this class trying to finish all of the requirements before the deadline. Ever since, I have honestly just been working on homeworks as I've got a lot due right before Thanksgiving break. For this class, I really need to catch up on some of the readings as I've gotten a little behind. At the end of the week, I had to take a flight out to Michigan for a family emergency. It's cold! I've had more snow today than you get in an entire year in Austin!


### What's in your way?

I am just so absolutely burnt out. Although I am generally a person that can stay up really late, this entire week my body has just been asking me to go to sleep at a decent time. Although this is good for me, I just know it's blocking my productivity. This upcoming week should definitely help with all of this though.


### What will you do next week?

I'll be flying back in town tomorrow, and then I still have some important assignments to complete before break. Once break starts though I do hope to get a little ahead with some work (such as readings). Otherwise, I basically plan to sleep, watch movies, sleep more, take advantage of black friday deals, and sleep even more.


### What was your experience of Project #4?

This project wasn't bad at all. I felt that having 5-6 people for this part of the project was difficult as there wasn't as much you could easily split up. This phase definitely didn't take as long to implement as the last, so that was nice. It was really nice to implement searching, sorting, and filtering and seeing the website go even farther than being simply dynamic.


### What's your pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?


My tip-of-the-week is just to go and enjoy the breaks you can give yourself, especially this week for Thanksgiving break. Whether you are going home to see family, are staying in Austin, or anything in between, enjoy the time you have off from school, and try to find some way to let it motivate you enough to finish out this semester. Happy Thanksgiving!